Update description.md (#72)
dcodesdev/rustfinity.com: challenges/declaring-variables/description.md

- Use the `let` keyword to declare variables.
- Remember that variables declared with `let` are immutable by default.

> - You do not need to explicitly specify types (e.g., : u32) for the variables.

Reviewer: Can you change it to:
```suggestion
- You do not need to explicitly annotate the types (e.g., `let width: u32 = 10;`) for the variables.
```

Author: Sure!
